Contents
Students Questions	2
Managing Leadership Course Specifics	4



Students Questions
1. Student is having trouble with Moodle, Office, or any other IT problem.
If students need help with Moodle they should contact Crandall’s ITS email support at moodle.help@crandallu.ca 
In case they’re having technical problems they should contact its.support@crandallu.ca 


Facilitator’s General Questions
1. When should I open the Group self-selection activity (usually called “Join a group here”)?
It’s up to the facilitator when to open this activity. We recommend opening it as soon as the respective assignment is explained.
It’s another best practice to have it closed prior to the assignment due date as many students fail to join groups and adjustments to the groups might be necessary.

2. Do I need to change release dates for lessons, checklist, etc. for each week?
There’s no need to set up release dates for activities inside a Week Topic as those activities will inherit the restriction you added to the topic itself.
You can refer to the Checklist document to confirm what needs to be set up.

3. I’m trying to edit the topics but there is no three dots to pull out the edit menu.
Make sure you’re not inside a topic but in the main course page. Refer to all steps in the Facilitator Start Kit Tutorial.

4. Should I record my session?
Recording a session is optional. If you decide to do so, once you close your BBB room it will automatically be uploaded in Moodle under the eClass activity in Moodle,

5. Do I need students' consent to record my class?
No, there’s no need for student consent. 

6. How to get my textbook?
You should be talking to Donald N. Ibe <Donald.Ibe@crandallu.ca> as Graduate Studies manages the administrative side of the program.




Managing Leadership Course Specifics
1. What date should I use in the “Group Presentation” assignment?
We advise you to use the last date of the assignment to make sure all students can make their submission.
